There are a number of things which needs to be done as soon as possible:
The user may expect great improvements in future versions of the language.

MODIFICATIONS TO THE BOX COMPILER (in order of importance):
1 We now have a problem. If we define Window = Ptr and PointList = Ptr
  then there is no way to distinguish between them. One example is
  Window@Line: this procedure will be invoked both for Window and for
  PointList objects. Another example: LineStyle = (Real, Real, Real, Real)
  is now in conflict with Color = (Real r, g, b, a).
  It is quite important to solve this issue as soon as possible.
  The solution is to introduce a new type operator ++

    Type1 = ++Type2

  Will associate to the name Type1 something which is identical
  to Type2, but is not compatible with it.
2 global variables: quantities defined in the upper scope unit should
  be automatically allocated as global (global register should be used
  instead of local ones);
4 The second precedence rule is the following:
  If a procedure for a given type is not found, that type should be once
  resolved and then the procedure should be searched again.
  This will allow to create real inherited types. Example:
    MyInt = Int
    x = MyInt[1]
  Does not work now, because Int@MyInt does not exist. One expects that this
  should work, since Int@Int exists and MyInt = Int.
5 If $, $$, $$$, ... are used without scope level specification, they should
  refer to the procedure which is being defined, rather than to the current
  opened box. This is what one wants to do in 99% of the cases.
  One should specify the level to refear to the current opened box, such as
  in $:
6 The VM should be instructed about how to create or destroy types.
  This process has already been started, but needs to be completed.
  In the end Box should be able to create hidden procedures for destroying
  those data types that need a special treatment (structures in particular).
  The compiler then should communicate to the VM what procedure to call
  for destroying what type. The destruction will then be operated
  automatically by the VM when the reference count reaches 0.
  Types associated with the destroyed type will be destroyed as well
  in a recursive fashion.
7 Copying types of all kinds should be possible, with eventual invocation
  of user defined procedures. It's not clear if we should allow the VM
  to automatically copying objects, by introducing an ad-hoc instruction.
8 Pointers needs to be introduced, so that objects can be referred by other
  objects.
9 We should allow automatic conversion of types, once they have been created.
  This will allow to use a Type as a container for local variables, which
  are needed only for the creation or managing of the object.
  Once the type has been used and the final parenthesis (]) is found,
  the object should be converted to a final object, which does not contain
  the local variables. This will be very useful.
10 Operator overloading: this needs adjustments to the basic operation handling
  routines as well as the Box language. The first is important, because
  it would already allow the addition of a builtin String object, which
  allows to easily concatenate, compare strings.
11 Point 9 would allow the definition of builtin functions to get input
  from files and from stdin.

DONE:
3 precedence rules for name resolution should be introduced. The first
  refers to subtypes. When object.Subtype is found, Box searches now for
  subtypes of the type of object. If no such a subtype is found, an error
  is reported. We should extend this behaviour: if the subtype is not found
  and object is a subtype itself, Box should try to convert it into its child
  and search among its subtypes. Example:
    w = Window[][
      pl = .Put[...]
      ...
      ... pl.Get[1] ...
    ]
  Now pl has type Window.Put. This subtype has child of type PointList.
  Since no subtype Window.Put.Get exists, Box should convert pl to its child
  (an object of type PointList) and try to find a subtype .Get
  The problem should be faced in a more general way, allowing automatic
  conversion of types at (]), see 8

